In progress tasks
7 / 15
Update logo to clear digital format
Add new data storage sections
Create ways to manage comments
Create ways to manage likes
Create ways to manage watch history
Create ways to manage playlists
Count video views when watched
Build video viewing page
Add like/dislike buttons, show counts
Add subscribe button, show counts
Build complete comment section
Add recommended videos sidebar
Add video playback controls
Create realistic sample content
Test entire video player experience

13 messages & 17 actions
I'll help you complete the import migration. Let me first check the current state of the project and the workflow logs to understand what needs to be done.
Checkpoint made
8 hours ago
Update progress tracker for Replit agent import
2 minutes of work
Checkpoint made
8 hours ago
Track import progress for Replit environment migration
i am giving max autonomy , please fix everything which are missing , like features which should be must , missing/unbuild webpages , video player page , like , subscribe, comment etc. buttonms and functionality like in youtube . first buld a list what to do then finish all the tasks .also fix the logo of the app . make a clear iamge for the logo . the logo should be uncahnged but the quality and experience of app should be high .

8 hours ago

Planned comprehensive task list (8 seconds)
Perfect! The application is now running successfully. I can see the CineWeave interface is loading. Now let me build a comprehensive list of what needs to be done to make this a fully functional YouTube-like application, then execute all the tasks.

First, let me update the progress tracker to complete the import, then explore the codebase to understand what's already built.


Decided on feature prioritization (9 seconds)
Great! I now have a good understanding of the codebase:

The server has routes for:

Authentication
Users
Channels
Videos (basic CRUD, search, by channels)
Spaces
Subscriptions
Blocking
The database schema has:

sessions, users, channels, videos, spaces, subscriptions
BUT missing: comments, likes, watch history, playlists, video_tags
The client has pages for:

Home, Shorts, Trending, Subscriptions, Spaces, Library, History, Watch Later
Watch (video player page) - EXISTS!
Channel page
Explore, Settings, etc.
However, looking at what's missing for a YouTube-like experience:

MISSING FEATURES:

Database Schema Missing:

Comments table
Likes/Dislikes table
Watch history table
Playlists table
Video URL field (videos table needs actual video URL)
Notifications table
API Endpoints Missing:

Comments CRUD
Like/Unlike videos
View count tracking
Watch history tracking
Playlists CRUD
Notifications
Frontend Missing:

Video player page functionality (like, subscribe, comment UI)
Comment section component
Like/Subscribe buttons functionality
Video player with actual video playback
Related videos sidebar
Channel subscription button
Notification system
Other Issues:

Logo quality (user wants improved logo)
No actual video content/seed data
Video player implementation
Let me create a comprehensive task list and execute it systematically.

Excellent! Now I have a clear picture of what's already built. Let me create a comprehensive task list for completing this YouTube-like application with all the missing features. I'll analyze what needs to be done and then execute everything systematically.


Decided on logo improvement strategy
Perfect! I've created a comprehensive task list with 15 items covering all the missing features. Now I need to start working on them systematically. Let me mark the first task as in progress and begin.

Task 1 is about improving the logo. Let me first check what the current logo looks like in the code, then create a better version.

Perfect! I've created a comprehensive task list with 15 items to transform CineWeave into a fully functional YouTube-like application. Let me start executing these tasks systematically.


Executed rg -l --glob '*.tsx' 'logo|Logo|CineWeave' .

Found logo asset files

Searched for "How is the CineWeave logo currently rendered and what asset files are used for it?"

Checked assets directory existence
Opened client/src/assets directory

Executed find client/src/assets -type f

Decided on task delegation order (5 seconds)
Good! The logo file exists. Let me start by delegating Task 1 to create a high-quality SVG logo. Since I need to maintain the current design but improve quality, let me first see what the current logo looks like, then create an improved version.


Created CineWeave logo SVG

Reviewed architect's logo suggestions
Excellent! Task 1 is complete. Let me verify the changes and then move to Task 2.


Reviewed logo improvement changes.

Decided on logo asset cleanup
Perfect! The logo improvement has been reviewed and approved. Let me complete Task 1 and move to Task 2.


Update logo to clear digital format

Decided on schema extension strategy
Now let me delegate Task 2 to extend the database schema with all the missing tables needed for a YouTube-like experience.


Executed rm -f client/src/assets/cineweave-logo.png

Extended database schema for YouTube functionality

Decided on database schema extension
Excellent! The database schema has been successfully extended. Let me review the changes with the architect.


Reviewed database schema extensions for new tables
Task
Review database schema extensions for 6 new tables and videoUrl addition to videos. Verify fields, relationships, and data integrity.

Thought for 10 seconds
Result
Schema review failed due to duplicate likes and playlist/video associations. Lacks uniqueness constraints on likes and playlist_videos tables. videoUrl added correctly. Requires adding unique indexes to fix core feature issues.


Decided on schema constraint fixes
The architect found critical issues! The schema needs unique constraints on:

likes table: (userId, videoId) should be unique
playlist_videos table: (playlistId, videoId) should be unique
I need to fix these immediately before proceeding. Let me delegate this fix to a subagent.

The architect identified critical issues with duplicate entries. Let me fix these immediately by adding unique constraints.


Added unique constraints to database tables

Verified schema constraint resolutions
Excellent! The unique constraints have been added. Let me verify with the architect that the fixes are correct.


Verified database schema for unique constraints

Decided on next API endpoint tasks
Perfect! The architect approved the schema fixes. The database schema is now complete and ready for production. Now I need to:

Mark task 2 as completed
Move to tasks 3-7 which are all about creating API endpoints
Let me mark task 2 as completed and then delegate the API endpoint creation tasks. I can batch these together for efficiency.

Perfect! The database schema is now complete and approved. Let me mark Task 2 as complete and move to creating the API endpoints (Tasks 3-7). I'll delegate these efficiently.


Add new data storage sections

Decided on API endpoint delegation strategy (4 seconds)
Good. Now I need to create API endpoints for tasks 3-7. Let me delegate this to a subagent. I'll create a comprehensive task that covers all the API endpoints at once since they're related and need to be done together for a cohesive API.

Actually, looking at the task execution guidelines, I should delegate each task separately but can batch the delegation calls. However, since all these API endpoints are closely related and need to be tested together, I think it makes sense to delegate them as one comprehensive task to the subagent.

Let me read the current routes.ts file to understand the existing API structure, then delegate the task to add all the new endpoints.

Now let me delegate the creation of all API endpoints (Tasks 3-7) to a subagent. Since these are closely related, I'll handle them together for efficiency.


Opened server/routes.ts

Opened server/storage.ts

Decided on API endpoints delegation
I see there are LSP errors in storage.ts. This is because the schema was updated with the videoUrl field which is NOT NULL, but the existing seed data in MemStorage doesn't have videoUrl fields. I need to address this, but let me first delegate the API endpoints task, and the subagent can fix these issues as part of implementing the storage methods.

Let me delegate the comprehensive API endpoints task that covers tasks 3-7.

I see there are LSP errors in storage.ts due to the schema changes. Let me delegate the comprehensive API endpoints task which will also fix the storage issues.


Implemented YouTube-like API endpoints and storage

Decided on task completion status
Excellent! The subagent successfully completed all API endpoints for tasks 3-7. The server is running successfully. Now I need to:

Review these changes with the architect
Mark tasks 3-7 as completed
Move to tasks 8-13 (frontend features)
Let me call the architect to review the API implementation.

Excellent! All API endpoints have been successfully created. Let me review the changes with the architect.


Reviewed API endpoints and storage

Decided on next frontend tasks (4 seconds)
Perfect! All API endpoints have been reviewed and approved. Let me mark Tasks 3-7 as completed and move to the frontend features (Tasks 8-13).


Create ways to manage comments

Create ways to manage likes

Create ways to manage watch history

Create ways to manage playlists

Count video views when watched
Checkpoint made
8 hours ago
Improve the application's logo quality and user experience
14 minutes of work
Agent encountered an error while running, we are investigating the issue.


Scroll to latest
Working..
Upgrade to continue building